#MISC
funcombat.loaded=Loaded
funcombat.saved=Saved

#WELCOME
funcombat.welcomeon=Welcome on
funcombat.youareon=$eYou are on
funcombat.havefun=$4Have Fun !

#INVENTORY NAMES
funcombat.inv.mainmenu=Main Menu
funcombat.inv.kitpvp=Kit Selector
funcombat.inv.metamorph=Transformations Selector
funcombat.inv.colors=Colors Selector
funcombat.inv.hats=Hats Selector
funcombat.inv.jump=Jump Selector
funcombat.inv.jumpscores=Jump Scores


#KITPVP KITS
funcombat.kit.kitarcher=Archer
funcombat.kit.kitguerrier=Warrior
funcombat.kit.kitsorciere=Witch

#KITPVP ITEM MENU
funcombat.kit.contains=Contains :
funcombat.kit.archer1=1 Enchanted Bow
funcombat.kit.archer2=1 Set of Enchanted Chainmail Armor
funcombat.kit.guerrier1=1 Enchanted Diamond Sword
funcombat.kit.guerrier2=1 Set of Enchanted Iron Armor
funcombat.kit.sorciere1=1 Set of Armor
funcombat.kit.sorciere2=1 Witch Stick
funcombat.kit.sorciere3=Some Potions

#KITPVP STUFF
funcombat.kit.level=Level
funcombat.kit.ylevel=You're now
funcombat.kit.stuffarcher=Archer Stuff
funcombat.kit.stuffguerrier=Warrior Stuff
funcombat.kit.stuffsorciere=Witch Stuff
funcombat.kit.bowof=Bow of
funcombat.kit.swordof=Sword of
funcombat.kit.witchstick=Witch Stick
funcombat.kit.rightclick=Right Click to Activate


#KITPVP MISC
funcombat.kit.kills=Kills
funcombat.kit.level=Level
funcombat.kit.kit=Kit :
funcombat.kit.sorcierehit=You've been hit by a Witch !
funcombat.kit.sorcierecooldown=You can't use this item at the moment